File: README
Author: Casey Bladow
Program: Asmt5
Date: 2-24-14

BUILDING THE PROGRAM
  This program was written in C++ and distributed to be built on a 
  Linux system.  To build the program, type 'make' to create the 
  executable called 'prog5'

RUNNING THE PROGRAM
   Type './prog5' at the command prompt after building the program.

PROGRAM DESCRIPTION
   This program will read ints from the file 'data' and summary
   will be written to the file 'results'  This includes the ints
   themselves, the average value, values that are above/below
   average, the largest and smallest values and where they appear,
   the number of even/odd numbers, sorted array, searched
   value, where it appears, and how many times it appears.

PROGRAM INPUT
   All input comes from the file 'data' that must exist prior to the
   execution of the program.  The program will read the input file
   until end of file is reached.  The format of the input file follows:
      int1
      int2
      ...
      intN
   For example:
      23
      54
      17
   Since the input is ints, they could also be space separated.
   
PROGRAM OUTPUT
   All output is written to 'results' containing the summary. The
   summary includes input ints themselves, the average value, values 
   that are above/below average, the largest and smallest values and
   where they appear, the number of even/odd numbers, sorted array, 
   searched value, where it appears, and how many times it appears.

   For example:
      Entered Array: 4 6 8 5 3 6 7 
      Average is: 5.57
      Number of ints that are less than average: 3
      Number of ints that are greater than average: 4
      Smallest integer was 3. Indexed in numbers[4].
      Largest integer was 8. Indexed in numbers[2].
      Number of Even Integers: 4
      Number of Odd Integers: 3
      Sorted Array: 3 4 5 6 6 7 8 
      The smallest index for the integer you searched for is in numbers[3].
      The largest index for the integer you searched for is in numbers[4].
      The integer 6 appears 2 times.

PROGRAM DESIGN
   This program stores all the ints in an array.

   The general algorithm
      read the ints into an array
      output the array
      output the average
      output the number of ints < average
      output the number of ints > average
      output smallest and index
      output largest and index
      output number of evens
      output number of odds
      output sorted array
      read value to search format
      output smallest index of searched value
      output largest index of searched value
      output the number of times the searched value appears in array

   Function input and output, preconditions and postconditions can
   be found in the documentation for each file.

FILE INDEX
   file             function(s)        description
   --------------   -----------------  ----------------------
   findLargest.cpp  findLargest        returns the largest value in the array
   
   findSmallest.cpp findSmallest       returns the smallest value in the array
   
   greaterThanAvg.cpp greaterThanAvg   returns the numbers of values that are
					above average
					
   lessThanAvg.cpp  lessThanAvg        returns the number of values that are
					below average
   
   constants.h                         constant declarations
   
   data                                the input file
   
   findaverage.cpp  findaverage        returns the average value in the array
                    findsum            returns the sum of the array

   main.cpp         main               calls all other functions
   
   NOTES                               describes purpose of this class example

   output.cpp       output             outputs results to the file 'results'
   
   read.cpp         read               read the file 'data' into the array

   makefile                            builds executable

   README                              this file =)

   results                             file created containing output
   
   evens.cpp	    evens		returns the number of even values
   
   odds.cpp	    odds		returns the number of odd values
   
   search.cpp      search		searches for value and returns
					smallest/highest index and how many
					times it appears in array
					
   sort.cpp	   sort 		sorts the array from smallest to 
					largest


PROGRAM TESTING
   This program was tested with different sets of data.  

   Checked for a normal set of data in the file
   
   Checked for the number of values exceeding the array size
   
   Checked for data file not existing
   
   Checked for the data file existing but not containing any values
   
   Checked for the data file containing 1 value

   There are no known bugs.  Any errors should be reported to:
   bladowca@mnstate.edu
