File:    README
Author:  Casey Bladow
Date:    3-4-14
Class:   CSIS 252
Program: payroll

BUILDING THE PROGRAM
   This program was written in C++ and distributed to be built on a 
   Linux system.  To build the program, type 'make' to create the 
   executable called 'prog'

RUNNING THE PROGRAM
   Type 'prog' at the command prompt after building the program.

PROGRAM DESCRIPTION
   This program will read from the file 'data' that consists of employee
   data.  The program will calculate the summary for the employees
   and output it to the file 'payroll'

PROGRAM INPUT
   All input comes from the file 'data' that must exist prior to the
   execution of the program.  The program will read the input file
   until end of file is reached.  The format of the input file follows:

   name1
   hours1
   wage1
   name2
   hours2
   wage2
   etc.

   For example:
   
   John Doe
   10
   20.00
   Jane Doe
   40
   10.00
   Joe Doe
   50
   10.00


PROGRAM OUTPUT
   All output is written to 'payroll' containing the employee summary. The
   summary includes information for each employee including the input
   and hours and wages.
   In addition, summary data for all employees is produced including 
   total gross pay, total federal withholding, total social security
   withholding, and total net pay.

   For example:

   Employee Summary Totals
   -----------------------
   Total Gross Pay: 1150.00
   Total Federal Withholding: 100.50
   Total Social Security Withholding: 92.00
   Total Net Pay: 957.50
   Name                   hrs     wage   gross     fed      SS     net
   ------------------     -----  -----   -----   -----      --     ---
   John Doe               10     20.00  200.00    8.00   16.00  176.00
   Jane Doe               40     10.00  400.00   32.00   32.00  336.00
   Joe Doe                50     10.00  550.00   60.50   44.00  445.50



PROGRAM DESIGN
   This program stores all employee data in an array of structs.  Each
   struct stores the employee's name, hours worked, wage, gross amount,
   federal amount withheld, social security amount withheld, net amount
   recieved.

   The overall employee summary is stored in a struct consisting of fields
   for the otal gross pay, total federal amount withheld, total social
   security amount witheld, and total net pay.

   The general algorithm
      read the data and store in employees
      calculate the gross amount for each employee
      calculate the federal amount witheld for each employee
      calculate the social security amount for each employee
      calculate the net pay for each employee
      calculate the summary data
      output the results      
      
   Function input and output, preconditions and postconditions can
   be found in the documentation for each file.

FILE INDEX
   file             function(s)        description
   --------------   -----------------  ----------------------
   constants.h                         constant declarations
   
   data                                employee data (must pre-exist)

   decl.h                              struct declarations
   
   fed.cpp	     fed  		calculates federal withheld amount

   fedTotal.cpp     fedTotal           calculates total federal withheld amount
   
   gross.cpp	    gross  		calculates gross amount
   
   grossTotal.cpp   grossTotal         calculates total gross amount
   
   main.cpp         main               calls all other functions

   makefile                            builds executable
   
   net.cpp	     net  		calculates net amount

   netTotal.cpp     netTotal           calculates total net amount

   output.cpp       output             outputs all results to the
                                       file 'payroll'
                                       
   payroll                             file created containing output

   prototypes.h                        function prototypes

   read.cpp         read               reads all input from the
                                       file 'scores'

   README                              this file
   
   ss.cpp	     ss  		calculates social security withheld amount

   ssTotal.cpp      ssTotal             calculates total social security withheld amount

   summary.cpp      summary            calculates summary data
                                       calls calcavg, calcmedian

PROGRAM TESTING
   This program was tested with different sets of data.  A requirement
   is that the input file is in proper format so there is no error
   checking to that regards.

   Checked for the number of employees in the data file exceeding the
   array of structs size.  In this case, all "extra" employees are
   ignored and a warning message is output to the screen.  The 
   program proceeds only for the employees that were read. 

   There are no known bugs as long as the input file is correct and
   in the proper format.  Any errors should be reported to:
   bladowca@mnstate.edu

