File:    README
Author:  Dan Brekke
Program: class example
Date:    

BUILDING THE PROGRAM
   This program was written in C++ and distributed to be built on a 
   Linux system.  To build the program, type 'make' to create the 
   executable called 'prog'

RUNNING THE PROGRAM
   Type 'prog' at the command prompt after building the program.

PROGRAM DESCRIPTION
   This program will read ints from the file 'data' and summary
   will be written to the file 'results'  This includes the ints
   themselves, the average value, and the biggest value.

PROGRAM INPUT
   All input comes from the file 'data' that must exist prior to the
   execution of the program.  The program will read the input file
   until end of file is reached.  The format of the input file follows:
      int1
      int2
      ...
      intN
   For example:
      23
      54
      17
   Since the input is ints, they could also be space separated.
   
PROGRAM OUTPUT
   All output is written to 'results' containing the summary. The
   summary includes input ints themselves, the average of the values,
   and the biggest value.

   For example:
      numbers in the array: 23 54 17 
      average is 31.33
      the biggest is 54

PROGRAM DESIGN
   This program stores all the ints in an array.

   The general algorithm
      read the ints into an array
      output the array
      output the average
      output the biggest

   Function input and output, preconditions and postconditions can
   be found in the documentation for each file.

FILE INDEX
   file             function(s)        description
   --------------   -----------------  ----------------------
   biggest.cpp      biggest            returns the biggest value in the array
   
   constants.h                         constant declarations
   
   data                                the input file
   
   findavg.cpp      findavg            returns the average value in the array
                    findsum            returns the sum of the array

   main.cpp         main               calls all other functions
   
   NOTES                               describes purpose of this class example

   output.cpp       output             outputs results to the file 'results'
   
   read.cpp         read               read the file 'data' into the array

   makefile                            builds executable

   README                              this file

   results                             file created containing output


PROGRAM TESTING
   This program was tested with different sets of data.  

   Checked for a normal set of data in the file
   
   Checked for the number of values exceeding the array size
   
   Checked for data file not existing
   
   Checked for the data file existing but not containing any values
   
   Checked for the data file containing 1 value

   There are no known bugs.  Any errors should be reported to:
   brekke@mnstate.edu

